Update issue templates (#18)
paastech-cloud/pomegranate: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

> **Screenshots**
> If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.
> 
> **Desktop (please complete the following information):**
>  - OS: [e.g. iOS]
>  - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22]
> 
> **Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
>  - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
>  - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
>  - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
>  - Version [e.g. 22]
> 

Reviewer: For Pomegranate, you won't see a lot of smartphone users (except maybe @noetarbouriech). Better to ask for logs.

```suggestion
**Logs**
If applicable, add logs to help explain your problem.

```
